_Note : this page contains instructions related to obtaining and running an earlier version of Jiva. The latest instructions are available at: [Here](JivaQuickStartForTrunk.md)._

  * Make sure you have the [Prerequisites](Prerequisites.md) in place
  * Check out Release 0.15 of Jiva from:  http://jiva-ng.googlecode.com/svn/branches/Rel_0_1_5/
  * Go to the Jiva checkout directory
  * Run `./tool/sant/bin/sant` to build Jiva. This should result in a successful build of Jiva:
```
[snip]
test:
    [junit] Running net.xofar.AllTests
    [junit] Tests run: 45, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Time elapsed: 0.224 sec

jar:
      [jar] Building jar: c:\Users\lalitp\work\jiva-build-test\target\jiva.jar

BUILD SUCCESSFUL
Time: 7972ms.
```
  * Run one of the sample GA Problems:
```
jiva gaprob/NQueens.scala
```
> Jiva should come back with something like:
```
Best Fitness:8.0
Fittest Chr:[4, 1, 5, 0, 6, 3, 7, 2]
Time taken: 161 ms
```

At this point, you have a good, functioning installation of Jiva. Congratulations!

The next step is to define your own GA problems and get Jiva to run them. For help with this, look at:
  * [WhatAreGAs](WhatAreGAs.md)
  * [DefiningAndRunningGAProblems](DefiningAndRunningGAProblems.md)
  * SampleProblems

When you're ready to have Jiva solve your GA problems:

  * Put your Java/Scala code under the `usr/` directory. Typically what you put here will be your fitness-functions and related helper classes
  * Run `./tool/sant/bin/sant -f usrBuild.scala` to build the code (if any) that you put under the `usr/` directory. The class-files generated by this step go under the `work/` directory
  * Or you can work with your code elsewhere, and just put your Java/Scala class-files under the `work/` directory
  * Put your GA problem definition under the `gaprob/` directory.
  * Finally, run your problem with jiva: `jiva gaprob/yourProb.scala`